Don't send me away
Don't kick me out
Bitch, get out of here
They didn't embarrass you, did they? I'm fine.
Why are you doing this to my sister?
You dog
How dare you go behind our back to find the fox spirit
Mom, it's not good to spout blood, right?
Mei Xiao can still wrong you when she sees it with her own eyes
Oh mom mom mom
What's wrong with you?
I've been wanting to kick you out for a long time
You two siblings, one dog who refuses to serve the master
A waste that only knows how to clean
I kicked you out long ago
Qingjing Li Xuan, don't be impulsive
Aunt Chen
You can see that I have served the Chen family for many years
For the sake of hard work
Just leave us
Li Xuan, how can you make your younger siblings angry?
Apologize now
sister
We don't need to apologize to anyone, enough Li Xuan
You have achieved nothing for so many years
If I hadn't been here
Auntie's family worked hard as a nanny
How could Auntie leave us behind?
Do you want to apologize now?
That's easy too
Take off your clothes tonight
Come and serve me well
Until I'm satisfied
What's going on?
Don't agree?
If you don't agree, lick this water for me